Flaky Charcoal Elephant

Medium

# Trading limits extend accross exchangeProviders because of collisions in tradingLimitId

### Summary

Most functions in Broker.sol differentiate between different exchange providers. However, guardTradingLimits() does not, and because of the way tradingLimitId is calculated, any trading limits set for a pool of tokenA and tokenB will be set for every other similar pool across all exchange providers.

### Root Cause

exchangeId is calculated by using a [hash of the symbols](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-mento-update/blob/098b17fb32d294145a7f000d96917d13db8756cc/mento-core/contracts/goodDollar/BancorExchangeProvider.sol#L232-L234) of the assets in a pool.
```solidity
    exchangeId = keccak256(
      abi.encodePacked(IERC20(exchange.reserveAsset).symbol(), IERC20(exchange.tokenAddress).symbol())
    );
```

tradingLimitId is [calculated](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-mento-update/blob/098b17fb32d294145a7f000d96917d13db8756cc/mento-core/contracts/swap/Broker.sol#L271C1-L272C81) by XORing the exchangeId with the asset's address.
```solidity
    guardTradingLimit(exchangeId ^ tokenIn, int256(amountIn), _tokenIn);
    guardTradingLimit(exchangeId ^ tokenOut, -1 * int256(amountOut), _tokenOut);
```

[guardTradingLimit()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-mento-update/blob/098b17fb32d294145a7f000d96917d13db8756cc/mento-core/contracts/swap/Broker.sol#L282C1-L290C4) then checks and updates the state of that Id.
```solidity
  function guardTradingLimit(bytes32 tradingLimitId, int256 deltaFlow, address token) internal {
    ITradingLimits.Config memory tradingLimitConfig = tradingLimitsConfig[tradingLimitId];
    if (tradingLimitConfig.flags > 0) {
      ITradingLimits.State memory tradingLimitState = tradingLimitsState[tradingLimitId];
      tradingLimitState = tradingLimitState.update(tradingLimitConfig, deltaFlow, IERC20Metadata(token).decimals());
      tradingLimitState.verify(tradingLimitConfig);
      tradingLimitsState[tradingLimitId] = tradingLimitState;
    }
  }
```

Because this tradingLimitId is stored globally and the method used to derive it does not differentiate between exchangeProviders, it will affect any similar pools in other exchange providers.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Two exchangeProviders each have pools with similar assets. Two pools of CELO/cUSD for example.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

Trading that takes place in a pool on one exchange provider will impact the trading limits of a pool with similar assets on another exchange provider. This could lead to any number of strange situations, including ones where each pool trades far beyond the trading limits it is supposed to have in opposite directions. For example if two pools of tokenA and tokenB exist, users on poolA could buy any amount of tokenA so long it is offset by buys of tokenB in poolB. Additionally, a volume of transactions in one pool could essentially DOS users from trading in that direction in the other pool. This directly contradicts the purpose of having trading limits in the first place and could lead to severely depegged stable value assets.



### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Hash or XOR the address of the exchangeProvider into either the exchangeId or the tradingLimitId.